I was born full of joy and laughter. I wanted to run, laugh, and play.
          I wanted to express. Somewhere along the way, I got quiet. I was
          scared to make a mistake. I was afraid I wasn’t enough. I decided to
          earn my way to whatever everyone was running toward. For decades I ran
          toward people, places, and things. I don’t know when I stopped running
          toward everything and began to run away. I don’t know when I decided I
          needed to be the best; the best student, the best friend, the best
          daughter, the best cheerleader, the best employee, the best
          girlfriend, the best wife, the best mother, the best leader, the best
          author, the best, the best, the best. I don’t know when and why I
          became so driven. And then, everything changed. I got divorced. After
          seven years of fighting it, I got a total knee replacement. Two weeks
          later, my dear brother, Kenny, took his life. I stopped running. I
          felt lost and alone. I tried to find myself in other people, places,
          and things. I dated. I bought stuff. I traveled. Nothing could fill
          the giant void inside my soul. I yearned for inner peace. And then, I
          asked for divine intervention. I reflected. I let the pain catch up
          with me. I grieved. I cried. I became willing. I released everything
          that was no longer serving me. I embraced the serenity prayer: “God,
          grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the
          courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the
          difference.” I searched for tools and mentors to help me take the
          journey I had resisted for 40 years. I became willing to take the
          journey inside. I learned why I was running and what was missing from
          my life. In The Wizard of Oz, Glenda, the good witch, says, “You had
          the power all along.” I have always had the love I craved. It was
          inside of me. I am whole, perfect, and complete, and so are you. We
          are the total package. Looking outward is a desire of the ego; for the
          opinions of others. I went in, to the home of pure love and
          acceptance. I began to use self-referral. I used my soul as the
          reference point, not the opinion of others. I learned that the love I
          was looking for was looking for me. God was waiting patiently for my
          plea and my invitation. Renowned mystic and poet Rumi says, “Your task
          is not to seek love, but merely to look for and find all the barriers
          within yourself that you have built against it.” Letting go of
          barriers was much easier than chasing perfection; chasing required
          effort. Letting go required none. The release was energizing. I am
          Carrie Dickie. I have been a baby, a toddler, a teenager, a daughter,
          a cheerleader, a track and field competitor, a swimmer, a runner, a
          dancer, an actor, a gymnast, and a tennis player. I have been a
          babysitter, a waitress, a fitness instructor, a bartender, and a
          fundraiser. I have been a wife, a mother, a mentor, a partner, a
          leader, and an author. I have been a reader, a yogi, and a friend.
          Today, I AM. I am love. I am at peace. I am joy. And I work every day
          to remember who I AM.